Bedtime for Gus.
Cinderella looked out her window. The sun was
setting in the distance.
She could see the castle's clock. It read
8:00.
Cinderella tapped gently on the walls of her
attic room. Bedtime. She called Jack, Susie,
Gus and the other mice hurried out of their
mousehole. Cinderella did all the household
chores in her wicked stepmother's house. She
never had time for fun.
So the birds and mice were her only friends.
Bedtime already?
Jack cried.
The bedtime, Gus asked.
Gus was Cinderella's newest mouse friend. She
had just rescued him from a trap that
morning. Bedtime, Gus.
Gus closed eyes and fell asleep, Susie
explained.
Gus looked confused. He closed his eyes and
started to tip over. Jack caught him not
fall. Gus, Gus, he said.
Fall asleep like this.
He put his head on his hands and pretended to
snore. Cinderella laughed. Falling asleep
isn't all there is to bedtime, she said. Gus
has never lived in a house before. We'll have
to teach him about getting ready for bed. Oc
oc the other mice cried.
Gus. Gus, first Cinderella said, you have to
put on your pyjamas.
She went to a trunk and pulled out a tiny
pair of striped pajamas for Gus. Here, try
these on. Soon they were all in their
pajamas. Even Cinderella.
That's better, Cinderella declared. Pajamas
are much more comfortable for sleeping than
regular clothes. Gus nodded.
Gus Gus loves pajamas, he explained.
Gus Gus wears pajamas all the time.
Cinderella smiled.
I'm glad you like your pajamas, Gus, but they
are only for while you're sleeping. The mouse
nodded. Now sleep, Cinderella.
Another mouse cried. Cinderella smiled.
Not quite yet, she said to the young mouse.
First, wash your face and brush your teeth
when you're all scrubbed and brushed. I'll
kiss you goodnight. And then Susie will tuck
everyone in. The mice began to brush their
teeth.
Gus said with a smile, tasting the minty
toothpaste. The other mice giggled and
finished up. Gus, watch carefully.
Before long, he was done to tuck.
Tuck in? Gus asked.
Jack pulled him toward the wash basin. Not
yet, Gus, Gus, he said. He handed him some
soap. Gus looked puzzled, but he watched as
the other mice washed their faces and patted
themselves dry with old rags. Then he did the
same thing.
When the mice were all neat and clean,
Cinderella kissed them goodnight. It's time
for everyone to go to sleep, she said
sweetly. Follow me. Jack told Gus. He ran to
his little bed and hopped in. Then he pointed
to the bed next to him. That's your bed, he
said. Gus grinned and got under the covers.
Susie tucked in each of the mice. At the
rally, the mice cried story. Cinderella
smiled.
All right, she said.
Once upon a time there was a young prince who
lived in a beautiful castle. He had
everything that money could buy fine clothes,
jewels, paintings and more. But something was
missing. He didn't have anyone special to
love. Cinderella continued the story for a
long time.
Each time she tried to stop, the mice beg for
more. After a while, they couldn't keep their
eyes open anymore.
It was just too late when the last mouse had
fallen asleep. Cinderella tiptoed to her own
bed and climbed in, still thinking about her
bedtime story. Dreaming up tales made her
forget her life of chores, at least for a
time. Just then, Gus began to snore.
Cinderella giggled and pulled up her covers.
She glanced once more at the clock on the
castle tower.
It read 11:00.
Oh my! She murmured sleepily.
If the mice had their way, I'd be telling
tales until midnight. Cinderella, snuggled
against her pillow and yawned. If only some
of my stories would come true, she added
sleepily. As Cinderella closed her eyes, the
birds began to sing a lullaby. Soon,
Cinderella was fast asleep, dreaming that
someday she'd meet a handsome prince and live
happily ever after.